This document is for manually testing User Interfaces (UI) in the Purdue Course Finder Project

Testing Account Signup:
    A. Identification and Classification
        Test Case: 101
        System: /signup
        Description: Creating an Account
        Severity: 1
    
    Upon loading the /signup page, there will be a Purdue looking page containing a gold box
    with fields for the email address, password, and confirming the password. There is also a
    button for signing up and a link for users if they already have an account. Confirm this
    link redirects users to the login page and return. 
    The email address field must fit an appropriate email address format, of x@x.x. You can 
    confirm this by inputting different incorrect emails. (The passwords do not have such 
    formats.) You can also try to input 2 different passwords and notice the result will catch 
    the error. After an account is created, the same email cannot be used. After filling out 
    each field, confirm your account by hitting 'Sign Up'. Come back to the sign up page and 
    re-enter the same email. Confirm the error message 
    'A user with that email address already exists.' is displayed.


Testing Account Login:
    A. Identification and Classification
        Test Case: 201
        System: /login
        Description: Logging into an Account
        Severity: 1

    Load the /login page. The page contains a gold box labeled "Purdue Course Finder Log In". This box contains fields 
    for an email address and a password, followed by a black "Log In" button. Below that button are links labeled
    "Forgot Password?" and "Create an Account". Clicking the "Create an Account" link leads to the /signup page. 
    Return to the /login page to continue testing here. Since the password recovery feature has not yet been implemented, 
    the "Forgot Password?" link redirects to the homepage. Attempt to login without entering anything, see an error that states
    that an email address is required. Attempt to login with an email entered but no password, see an error that states that 
    a password is required. Enter an invalid email & password combination and click "Log In", see an error that states 
    "The email address or password entered is incorrect". Enter a valid email with an invalid password and click "Log In", 
    see an error that states "The email address or password entered is incorrect". Enter a valid password with an invalid email 
    and click "Log In", see an error that states "The email address or password entered is incorrect". Enter the email & password 
    credentials for a previously created account and click "Log In". Upon successful login, the user is redirected to the home page 
    (When the home page is implemented it will show that the user is logged in).


Testing Account Deletion:
    A. Identification and Classification
        Test Case: 301
        System: /deleteacct
        Description: Deleting an Account
        Severity: 1
        
        Sprint: 1
        User Story: 7
        Task: 4
    
    B. Instructions
        1. Open the page
        2. Click the 'Go Back' Button
        3. Click the 'Delete Account' Button
        4. Click the 'X' on the popup
        5. Click the 'Confirm' button on the popup

    C. Expected result
        1. Observe a header at the top of the page displaying 'Purdue Course Finder' and a back button 
            to go back to the home page. Also see the current logged in user's email displayed.
        2. Confirm that button takes the user back to the home page (Return to the delete account page 
            to continue the tutorial)
        3. Confirm a popup appears asking if you are sure, and the action cannot be undone.
        4. The popup closes.
        5. Notice the email on the page vanishes as no one is currently logged in.

Testing Sidebar Component Clicking:
    In the sidebar, components consisting of either buildings, classrooms, courses, or sections.
    When clicking on a course, the sidebar should refresh to show section components that are
    relevant to the selected course. Similarly, when a building is clicked, classrooms that are
    inside the selected building should repopulate the sidebar.

Testing Sidebar Filtering:
    A. Identification and Classification
        Test Case: 501
        System: /       (home page)
        Description: Filtering Sidebar and Panes
        Severity: 1
        
        Sprint: 2
        User Story: 5
        Task: 5
    
    B. Instructions
        * Searching in the sidebar requires you to hit enter or click the magnifying glass *

        1. Open the page
        2. Click the 'Filter' button
        3. Click the Filter Popup's 'X' button
        4. Type a building name in the search bar, such as 'Pharmacy' or 'Brown' (not case-sensitive)
        5. Change the filter to Course, and type in a department, such as 'CS' or 'MA'
        6. Testing Sections (See Expected result)

    C. Expected result
        1. Confirm the sidebar appears on the left side of the page. By default, the current filter
            is 'Building' so buildings will appear in the sidebar.
        2. Confirm a popup appears with options 'Building', 'Classroom', and 'Course'. Also confirm
            sort by 'Ascending' and 'Descending' options appear. (Note: Classrooms are going to be
            implemented in the next sprint and do not work currently.)
        3. Confirm the popup disappears.
        4. Confirm only the correct buildings display.
        5. Confirm courses for input department appear.
        6. (See Test Case 401 for clicking courses and showing sections)

Testing Homepage Map:
    When loading the web application, it defaults to our homepage. This homepage contains a map of Purdue's campus in 
    West Lafayette, and a sidebar on the left of the page. A "+" button in the lower right corner of the map allows it to be 
    zoomed in. A "-" button in the lower right corner of the map allows it to be zoomed out. The scroll wheel on the mouse can
    also be used to zoom in and out on the map (only if the mouse cursor is over the map on the page, scrolling on the sidebar
    works as expected). Clicking on the map and dragging allows the user to pan the map in all directions. The arrow keys on 
    the keyboard can also be used for panning (as long as the map has been most recently clicked on).

Testing Map Buildings:
    A. Identification and Classification
        Test Case: 701
        System: /       (home page)
        Description: Building Outlines on Map
        Severity: 1
        
        Sprint: 2
        User Story: 4
        Task: 4
    
    B. Instructions
        1. Open the page
        2. Scroll around on the map

    C. Expected result
        1. Confirm the map appears
        2. Ensure at Purdue West Lafayette's campus, academic buildings have an accurate
            outline representing their building architecture.

Testing Map Building Labels:
    A. Identification and Classification
        Test Case: 801
        System: /       (home page)
        Description: Building Labels on Map
        Severity: 1
        
        Sprint: 2
        User Story: 6
        Task: 4
    
    B. Instructions
        1. Open the page and scroll around on the map

    C. Expected result
        1. Ensure at Purdue West Lafayette's campus, academic buildings have a label on outlined buildings
            that accurately represents that building's shortcode, ex. Wilmeth Active Learning Center -> WALC.

Testing Buildings From Sidebar to Map:
    On the main page, notice the sidebar on the left, and the map on the right. On default, the filter is set to Building.
    See "Testing Sidebar Filtering" above for more information about that. The search bar will allow us to search for all
    buildings by having an empty string and hitting the search button. Alternatively, you can search for a specific building
    by typing in its full name, part of its name, or its shortcode. Do this by typing something like "Max W & Maileen Brown Hall", 
    which is the most recent name for the Electrical Engineering building (BHEE). You can also search just "Pharmacy" to see the 
    Robert Heine Pharamcy Building (RHPH) in the sidebar. You can also search "WALC" to see the Wilmeth Active Learning Center (WALC)
    in the sidebar. For testing the buildings, click on a building in the sidebar. This will cause the map to pan to the location of 
    that building, and change the highlight color for that building. Confirm that the shape of the building's highlight is where the 
    building actually is and that the map panned to the correct highlighted building. Repeat these steps with other buildings on
    Purdue's campus and confirm the map pans correctly and their highlights display correctly.

Testing Homepage Floating Buttons:
    There are a collection of floating buttons that appear in the upper right corner of the home page of our application. 
    These buttons are for logging in, signing out, accessing the account settings page, accessing the favorites page, and 
    accessing the user schedule page. The Log In button only appears if you are not currently logged into an account, and 
    the other buttons only appear if you are currently loggen into an account. When loading the application initially, 
    you should not be logged into an account. Therefore, the only button that appears in the top right is the "LOG IN" 
    button. Clicking this button leads to the login page (See above "Testing Account Login" section for more info). 
    Once logged in, the "LOG IN" button disappears, and the following buttons appear in the top right of the homepage 
    (from right to left): "SIGN OUT", "ACCOUNT SETTINGS", "FAVORITES", and "MY SCHEDULE". Clicking "MY SCHEDULE" leads to
    the user schedule page. Clicking "FAVORITES" leads to the user favorites page. Clicking "ACCOUNT SETTINGS" leads to the 
    modify account page. Clicking "SIGN OUT" logs the user out of the application and reloads the homepage. Once reloaded,
    these four buttons will disappear and the "LOG IN" button will appear. Also, the star icon buttons on each sidebar 
    element will only appear when the user is logged in, and disappear when the user logs out. 

Testing Login Redirection:
    Navigate to the '/deleteacct', '/modifyAccount', '/schedule', and '/favorites' pages while logged in to ensure that they
    load as expected. Using the button on the homepage, sign out of your current account. Navigate to each of the four pages
    listed above and see that they redirect to the login page. 
    
    This can also be tested by navigating to these pages when first loading the application before ever logging in, and they
    will each still redirect to the login page.

